The network is headquartered at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York City, with additional major offices near Los Angeles (at 10 Universal City Plaza), Chicago (at the NBC Tower) and Philadelphia (at the Comcast Technology Center).
Even gutters from houses and buildings can connect to the storm drain.
The main support came from local merchants, businessmen, and wealthier artisans, while many wage earners opposed it because they knew they would be paying for it through income taxation.
In the United States, an easement in gross is used for such needs, especially for permanent rights.
Whenever Eric disappoints Erica, she blames her mother.
The Seattle area developed into a technology center from the 1980s onwards with companies like Microsoft becoming established in the region; Microsoft founder Bill Gates is a Seattleite by birth.
Thirteen days later, members of the Collins Party on the way to their claim passed three scouts of the Denny Party.
Coal is also used to produce very high temperatures through combustion.
Another method of mosquito control is to spread a thin layer of oil on the surface of stagnant water, interfering with the breathing tubes of mosquito larvae.
Many storm drainage systems are gravity sewers that drain untreated storm water into rivers or streams—so it is unacceptable to pour hazardous substances into the drains.
The main route to these products is coal gasification to produce syngas.
The largest consumer and importer of coal is China.
The governor sent in troops to physically prevent nine African American students from enrolling at all-white Central High School.
The first daytime-themed Emmy Awards were given out at the primetime Emmy awards ceremony in 1972, when The Doctors and General Hospital were nominated for Outstanding Achievement in a Daytime Drama.
The Kodak Theatre also hosted the 2007 and 2008 ceremonies, before it was moved again in 2009 to the Orpheum Theatre across town.
High schools have subject-based classes.
It implies a slow shift from one spiritual state to another.
By 1976, with only 3% of the world's population, Japan was consuming 6% of global energy supplies.
Erica was generally positioned as the antagonist keeping true love pairings, such as Tara and Phillip Brent, apart.
Right, the former playboy, the meddlesome and villainous mother/grandmother, the benevolent mother/grandmother, and the career woman.
GE immediately began to liquidate RCA's various divisions, but retained NBC.
In 1932, GE was forced to sell RCA and NBC as a result of antitrust charges.
After the acquisition by GE, Bob Wright became chief executive officer of NBC; he would remain in that position until his retirement in 2007, when he was succeeded by Jeff Zucker.
The first European to visit the Seattle area was George Vancouver, in May 1792 during his 1791–95 expedition for the British Navy to chart the Pacific Northwest.
Out of service means the right of way is preserved, and the railroad retains the right to activate it.
EEGs can detect spurious electrical impulses, while certain drugs, hypoglycemia, hypoxia, or hypothermia can suppress or even stop brain activity on a temporary basis.
In spite of this, Boston Latin School became public in 1820.
Mole Day is an unofficial holiday celebrated among chemists, chemistry students and chemistry enthusiasts on October 23, between 6:02 a.m. and 6:02 p.m., making the date 6:02 10/23 in the American style of writing dates.
This was the first public high school in the United States.
Despite this, the writers scripted the relationship between Mona and Erica as tumultuous with Mona disapproving of Erica's antics and Erica blaming Mona for her father's desertion.
Many cultures and religions have the idea of an afterlife, and also hold the idea of judgement and reward for good deeds or punishment for sin.
The country's primary energy consumption was 477.6 Mtoe in 2011, a decrease of 5% over the previous year.
Each episode ends with a promise that the storyline is to be continued in another episode".
An 1817 Boston Town Meeting petitioned for the establishment of a system of free public primary schools.
Proper preparation for death and techniques and ceremonies for producing the ability to transfer one's spiritual attainments into another body (reincarnation) are subjects of detailed study in Tibet.
In the case of an easement, it may revert to its original owners if the facility is abandoned.
Coal can be used as a feedstock in the production of a wide range of chemical fertilizers and other chemical products.
Easements are helpful for providing pathways across two or more pieces of property, allowing individuals to access other properties or a resource, for example to fish in a privately owned pond or to have access to a public beach.
The "Traditional British" values shown are unused in American English and are obsolete in British English, but their other-language variants are dominant in many non-English-speaking areas, including continental Europe and Spanish-speaking countries in Latin America; see Long and short scales.
Erica Kane is a fictional character from the American ABC Daytime soap opera All My Children.
The writers layered their interactions with "raw edges" and humor.
"So it's more or less human.
Another problem is in defining consciousness, which has many different definitions given by modern scientists, psychologists and philosophers.
When All My Children debuts, the Kane family consists of Erica, her mother, Mona (Frances Heflin), and her absent father, film director Eric Kane (Albert Stratton).
Animal and plant cells normally reproduce and function during the whole period of natural existence, but the aging process derives from deterioration of cellular activity and ruination of regular functioning.
Like others in this category, Erica was written as "flamboyant, frivolous and carefree, with little commitment other than own selfish enjoyment of life."
It became the network's official emblem in 1979.
The primary life extension strategy currently is to apply available anti-aging methods in the hope of living long enough to benefit from a complete cure to aging once it is developed.
Aptitude of cells for gradual deterioration and mortality means that cells are naturally sentenced to stable and long-term loss of living capacities, even despite continuing metabolic reactions and viability.
NBC has thirteen owned-and-operated stations and nearly 200 affiliates throughout the United States and its territories, some of which are also available in Canada and/or Mexico via pay-television providers or in border areas over-the-air; NBC also maintains brand licensing agreements for international channels in South Korea and Germany.
A previous category "Outstanding Achievement in Daytime Programming" was added once in 1968 with individuals like Days of Our Lives star Macdonald Carey nominated.
At that time the parent company of RCA was General Electric (GE).
Specifically, the mole was defined as an amount of a substance that contains as many elementary entities as there are atoms in 0.012 kilogram of carbon-12.
Even by whole-brain criteria, the determination of brain death can be complicated.
In 2012, Los Angeles Times columnist Robert Lloyd wrote of daily dramas.
Explosive eruptions can send rocks, dust, gas and pyroclastic material up to 20 km (12 mi) into the atmosphere at a rate of up to 100,000 tonnes per second, traveling at several hundred meters per second.
From 2012 onward, the Daytime Emmys have been held at various venues in Los Angeles, never to return again to New York (most likely as a reflection of the current state of American daytime dramas, where all New York-produced network soap operas have since been cancelled, and the ones left on the air are being recorded in Los Angeles).
Mosquitoes may be physically prevented from reaching the standing water or migrating into the sewer proper by the use of an "inverted cone filter".
The hosts that year were Barbara Walters and Peter Marshall.
Mummification or embalming is also prevalent in some cultures, to retard the rate of decay.
They try to understand the nature of aging and they develop treatments to reverse aging processes or to at least slow them down, for the improvement of health and the maintenance of youthful vigor at every stage of life.
If a landowner owns an acre of land, for instance, and wants to divide it into three pieces, a surveyor would have to take precise measurements of the land and submit the survey to the governing body, which would then have to approve it.
That year, The Doctors won the first Best Show Daytime Emmy.
Society was moving from an agrarian model with small independent plots to an industrial one, where workers needed to be literate and numerate.
Following the Comcast merger, Zucker left NBCUniversal and was replaced as CEO by Comcast executive Steve Burke.
As the rival, Erica was written as money and status-conscious as well as sexually aggressive.
This article lists and discusses the usage and derivation of names of large numbers, together with their possible extensions.
Sometimes a lava plug will block the conduit to the summit, and when this occurs, eruptions are more violent.
Lancastrian schools emphasized discipline and obedience: qualities that factory owners needed in their workers.
In 2010 and 2011, the Daytime Emmys were instead held in Las Vegas.
This method of creating an easement, being an active creation by a court of an otherwise non-existent right, may be automatically extinguished upon termination of the necessity (for example, if a new public road is built adjacent to the landlocked tenement or another easement is acquired without regard to comparison of ease or practicality between the imposed easement and any valid substitute).
Municipalities typically have large vacuum trucks that perform this task.
An easement by necessity is distinguished from an easement by implication in that the easement by necessity arises only when "strictly necessary", whereas the easement by implication can arise when "reasonably necessary".
By the late 1970s, a different set of character types were established, including the chic suburbanite, the subtle single, the traditional family person, the successful professional, and the elegant socialite.
Coal burnt as a solid fuel in coal power stations to generate electricity is called thermal coal.
Australia accounts for about a third of world coal exports followed by Indonesia and Russia.
High schools were out of the question.
"Then, of course, would come the moment of breakdown when she would cry on shoulder," Helfin said.
During the 1960–72 period of accelerated growth, energy consumption grew much faster than GNP, doubling Japan's consumption of world energy.
A plat of consolidation or plan of consolidation originates when a landowner takes over several adjacent parcels of land and consolidates them into a single parcel.
The relationship is later developed into a strong bond.
The article explained that at that time, many prime time series lost money, while daytime serials earned profits several times more than their production costs.
A crucial element that defines the soap opera is the open-ended serial nature of the narrative, with stories spanning several episodes.
Over the years, Erica developed into different character archetypes.
Due to voting rules of the time, judges could opt to either award one or no Emmy, and in the end they decided that no one nominated was deserving of the golden statuette.
In India, easement of necessity could be claimed only in such cases where transfer, bequeathment or partition necessitates such claim.
This fear may cause them to put off financial planning, preparing a will and testament, or requesting help from a hospice organization.
The line could be out of service for decades.
The disposal of human corpses does, in general, begin with the last offices before significant time has passed, and ritualistic ceremonies often occur, most commonly interment or cremation.
The first separate awards show made just for daytime programming was broadcast in 1974 from the Channel Gardens at Rockefeller Center in New York.
These schools were run on the Lancasterian system, in which one "master" taught hundreds of students in a single room.
In 2003, French media company Vivendi merged its entertainment assets with GE, forming NBC Universal.
Commemoration ceremonies after death may include various mourning, funeral practices and ceremonies of honouring the deceased.
The National Broadcasting Company (NBC) is an American English-language commercial terrestrial radio and television network that is a flagship property of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast.
The Pennsylvania state constitution, written in 1790, calls for free public education, but only for poor children, assuming that the rich will pay for their own children's schooling.
One of the defining features that makes a television program a soap opera, according to Albert Moran, is "that form of television that works with a continuous open narrative.
Senescence refers to a scenario when a living being is able to survive all calamities, but eventually dies due to causes relating to old age.
In the English language, blessings directed towards a dead person include rest in peace, or its initialism RIP.
Founded in 1926 by the Radio Corporation of America (RCA), NBC is the oldest major broadcast network in the United States.
A plat of subdivision or plan of subdivision appears when a landowner or municipality divides land into smaller parcels.
Some of the heavier sediment and small objects may settle in a catch basin, or sump, which lies immediately below the outlet, where water from the top of the catch basin reservoir overflows into the sewer proper.
Even after public schools were being opened up to all ages in Massachusetts, in the 1830s, it was illegal in southern states to teach black children to read.
In volcanology, an explosive eruption is a volcanic eruption of the most violent type.
Owing largely to its rapidly increasing population in the 21st century, Seattle and the state of Washington have some of the highest minimum wages in the country, at $15 per hour for smaller businesses and $16 for the city's largest employers.
The most infamous of these is All My Children star Susan Lucci, whose name became synonymous with being nominated for an award and never winning, after having been nominated 18 times without receiving an award before finally winning a Daytime Emmy for Best Actress in 1999.
The issue's cover notably featured its first daytime soap stars, Bill Hayes and Susan Seaforth Hayes of Days of Our Lives, a married couple whose onscreen and real-life romance was widely covered by both the soap opera magazines and the mainstream press at large.
Thus track or crossings that have been removed need to be replaced.
Students attend them following junior high school (middle school).
Drains receive water from street gutters on most motorways, freeways and other busy roads, as well as towns in areas with heavy rainfall that leads to flooding, and coastal towns with regular storms.
When consciousness ceases, a living organism can be said to have died.
A plat of subdivision also applies when a landowner/building owner divides a multi-family building into multiple units.
The first Emmy award ceremony took place on January 25, 1949.
As an example, some U.S. state statutes grant a permanent easement of access to any descendant of a person buried in a cemetery on private property.
Larvicides or disruptive larval hormones, sometimes released from "mosquito biscuits", have been used to control mosquito breeding in catch basins.
In 2006, the Daytime Emmys was moved to the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles, the first time they had ever been held outside of New York.
In addition, the award for Outstanding Achievement by an Individual in a Daytime Drama was given to Mary Fickett from All My Children.
Though, this decision was overturned by the president.
This can apply for the intention of selling off the individual units as condominiums to individual owners.
After Mona's death in 1994, the character continues on as a god-like figure Erica looks to for guidance repeatedly throughout the series.
High school is the education students receive from approximately 14 to 18 years old.
Railroad rights-of-way need not be exclusively for railroad tracks and related equipment.
The masters would give rote lessons to the older students, who would then pass it down to the younger students.
A right-of-way is reserved for the purposes of maintenance or expansion of existing services with the right-of-way.
This is not a unified practice; in Tibet, for instance, the body is given a sky burial and left on a mountain top.
In certain cultures, death is more of a process than a single event.
Death is the center of many traditions and organizations; customs relating to death are a feature of every culture around the world.
Easements are frequently given to permit the laying of communication cables (such as optical fiber) or natural gas pipelines, or to run electric power transmission lines overhead, along a railroad.
The performance of catch basins at removing sediment and other pollutants depends on the design of the catchbasin (for example, the size of the sump), and on routine maintenance to retain the storage available in the sump to capture sediment.
In 1805, the New York Public School Society was formed by the wealthy to provide education to the poor.
One of the flaws in this approach is that there are many organisms which are alive but probably not conscious (for example, single-celled organisms).
However, in the slave-owning states, things were different.
Longtime General Hospital star John Beradino became a leading voice to have daytime talent honored with special recognition for their work.
Chemicals have been produced from coal since the 1950s.
There is also an unwritten form of easement referred to as an implied easement or easement by implication, arising from the original subdivision of the land for continuous and obvious use of the adjacent parcel (e.g., for access to a road, or to a source of water) such as the right of lot owners in a subdivision to use the roadway on the approved subdivision plan without requiring a specific grant of easement to each new lot when first conveyed.
Those who take advantage of life extension findings and seek to apply them upon themselves are called "life extensionists" or "longevists".
Because of this, hospitals have protocols for determining brain death involving EEGs at widely separated intervals under defined conditions.
Due to the relatively small talent pool in daytime television, it has become common for the same people to be nominated repeatedly.
The character was portrayed by actress Susan Lucci from her debut on January 16, 1970, until the last broadcast television episode on September 23, 2011.
Efforts around the world to reduce the use of coal have led some regions to switch to natural gas and electricity from lower carbon sources.
Archaeological excavations suggest that Native Americans have inhabited the Seattle area for at least 4,000 years.
China mines almost half the world's coal, followed by India with about a tenth.
For years, the gala was held in New York, usually at nearby Radio City Music Hall, with occasional broadcasts from Madison Square Garden.
Really, more human and less saccharine than most of the mother/children relationships on soaps.
By an embargo the track is removed, but the right of way is preserved and usually is converted into a walking or cycling path or other such use.
Because this method of creating an easement requires imposing a burden (the easement) upon another party for the benefit of the landlocked owner, the court looks to the original circumstances in weighing the relative apportionment of benefit and burden to both lots in making its equitable determination whether such easement shall be created by the court.
It has an awful lot of bit in it."
Mona spoils Erica to fill the void Eric left behind.
Erica was established as the rival to Tara Martin's young-and-vulnerable romantic heroine.
In 2003, in response to heavy criticism of bloc voting in favor of shows with the largest casts, an additional voting round was added to all the drama acting categories.
In 1971 the International Bureau of Weights and Measures (BIPM) decided to regard the amount of substance as an independent dimension of measurement, with the mole as its base unit in the International System of Units (SI).
The following table lists those names of large numbers that are found in many English dictionaries and thus have a claim to being "real words."
A right-of-way can be used to build a bike trail.
The stream of new software, biotechnology, and Internet companies led to an economic revival, which increased the city's population by almost 50,000 between 1990 and 2000.
The rest of the Denny Party set sail from Portland, Oregon, and landed on Alki point during a rainstorm on November 13, 1851.
The name high school is applied in other countries, but no universal generalization can be made as to the age range, financial status, or ability level of the pupils accepted.
Soap operas once featured only one-dimensional characters who were either good or bad.
An easement is considered as a property right in itself at common law and is still treated as a type of property in most jurisdictions.
BBC Radio's The Archers, first broadcast in 1950, is the world's longest-running radio soap opera.The world's longest-running television soap opera is Coronation Street, which was first broadcast on ITV in 1960.
Known as the "pre-nominations", one or two actors from each show is selected to then move on and be considered for the primary nominations for the awards.
The same delay in equality in public high schools can be accounted for the general regarding of other groups as minorities in the US.
The term soap opera originated from radio dramas being sponsored by soap manufacturers.
By the 1970s, characters were written with more depth, fitting into archetypes consisting of the young-and-vulnerable romantic heroine, the old-fashioned villain, the rival, the suffering antagonist, Mr.
In 1851, a large party led by Luther Collins made a location on land at the mouth of the Duwamish River; they formally claimed it on September 14, 1851.
The network is one of the Big Three television networks.
Japan's rapid industrial growth since the end of World War II doubled the nation's energy consumption every five years into the 1990s.
The amount, location, and timing of water reaching a drainage channel from natural precipitation and controlled or uncontrolled reservoir releases determines the flow at downstream locations.
Internet retailer Amazon was founded in Seattle in 1994, and major airline Alaska Airlines is based in SeaTac, Washington, serving Seattle's international airport, Seattle–Tacoma International Airport.
Additionally, many religious traditions, including Abrahamic and Dharmic traditions, hold that death does not (or may not) entail the end of consciousness.
Much of this revolves around the care of the dead, as well as the afterlife and the disposal of bodies upon the onset of death.
The physical remains of a person, commonly known as a corpse or body, are usually interred whole or cremated, though among the world's cultures there are a variety of other methods of mortuary disposal.
The catchbasin serves much the same function as the "trap" in household wastewater plumbing in trapping objects.
It is possible to define life in terms of consciousness.
Most catchbasins contain stagnant water during drier parts of the year and can, in warm countries, become mosquito breeding grounds.
Seven years later, a state law in Massachusetts made all grades of public school open to all pupils, free of charge.
Lucci was expected to guest star on Prospect Park's continuation of All My Children in 2013, but the appearance never came to fruition due to the show's second cancellation.
Logging was Seattle's first major industry, but by the late 19th century, the city had become a commercial and shipbuilding center as a gateway to Alaska during the Klondike Gold Rush.
Some precipitation evaporates, some slowly percolates through soil, some may be temporarily sequestered as snow or ice, and some may produce rapid runoff from surfaces including rock, pavement, roofs, and saturated or frozen ground.
Growth after World War II was partially due to the local Boeing company, which established Seattle as a center for aircraft manufacturing.
The fraction of incident precipitation promptly reaching a drainage channel has been observed from nil for light rain on dry, level ground to as high as 170 percent for warm rain on accumulated snow.
In order to do this, the landowner will usually need to make a survey of the parcels and submit the survey to the governing body that would have to approve the consolidation.
Primary chemicals that are produced directly from the syngas include methanol, hydrogen and carbon monoxide, which are the chemical building blocks from which a whole spectrum of derivative chemicals are manufactured, including olefins, acetic acid, formaldehyde, ammonia, urea and others.
A soap opera is a radio or television serial dealing especially with domestic situations and frequently characterized by melodrama and sentimentality.
Talking about it, thinking about it, or planning for their own deaths causes them discomfort.
Members of the Denny Party claimed land on Alki Point on September 28, 1851.
This cloud may then collapse, creating a fast-moving pyroclastic flow of hot volcanic matter.
Erica was in the chic suburbanite category which comprised "flashy," achievement-oriented characters with little interest in family and friends.
Many people are afraid of dying.
In 1976, Time magazine described American daytime television as "TV's richest market", noting the loyalty of the soap opera fan base and the expansion of several half-hour series into hour-long broadcasts in order to maximize ad revenues.
Easement by necessity is a higher standard by which to imply an easement.
Comcast purchased a controlling interest in the company in 2011, and acquired General Electric's remaining stake in 2013.
A notable example is the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens.
In the United Kingdom, for example, nine out of ten of all the deaths that occur on a daily basis relates to senescence, while around the world it accounts for two-thirds of 150,000 deaths that take place daily (Hayflick & Moody, 2003).
In North America, most high schools include grades nine through twelve.
NBC is sometimes referred to as the "Peacock Network", in reference to its stylized peacock logo, introduced in 1956 to promote the company's innovations in early color broadcasting.
"Erica idealized her father—who was a son of a bitch—and she refused to see that," Heflin said.
The versatility of syngas as a precursor to primary chemicals and high-value derivative products provides the option of using relatively inexpensive coal to produce a wide range of valuable commodities.
Early deaths due to air pollution have been estimated at 200 per GW-year, however they may be higher around power plants where scrubbers are not used or lower if they are far from cities.
Energy in Japan refers to energy and electricity production, consumption, import and export in Japan.
Researchers of life extension are a subclass of biogerontologists known as "biomedical gerontologists".
Such eruptions result when sufficient gas has dissolved under pressure within a viscous magma such that expelled lava violently froths into volcanic ash when pressure is suddenly lowered at the vent.
In 1986, control of NBC passed back to General Electric (GE) through its $6.4 billion purchase of RCA.
This snub outraged then-Another World writer Agnes Nixon, causing her to write in The New York Times, "...after viewing the recent fiasco of the Emmy awards, it may well be considered a mark of distinction to have been ignored by this group."
After many years of advocacy, in 1957, federal court ordered the integration of Little Rock, Arkansas public schools.
Most comparable to secondary schools, high schools generally deliver phase three of the ISCED model of education.
By the time the first European settlers arrived, the people (subsequently called the Duwamish tribe) occupied at least seventeen villages in the areas around Elliott Bay.